I was bullied severely at middle school and then all the way till my
junior year of high-school.
It started when I put on a lot of weight when I was around ten years
old. I also had a growth spurt, so not only was I fat, I was taller
than the rest of the girls and I also happened to be this really good
student. So as you can imagine, I became a target of severe
name-callings like 'fat' 'ugly' 'nerd' and 'loser.' I also didn't have
any friends because if I ever approached a group, they would
immediately start talking louder or acting like they were busy, and I
had to take the hint and leave as quickly as possible.

Things got a little better after fifth grade, though. Or maybe I got
used to it and writing in my journal became my sole source of comfort,
because I just couldn't share my story with my parents or anyone else.
I also lost weight, and though I wasn't pretty or anything, I started
feeling more self-confident and even talked with friendlier people at
school. Then later on, from ninth grade, it got worse, because the
older boys from my brother's batch started calling me names. Sure, I
had friends, but none that always hung around with me or sat with me
during lunch. We were all more like members of a loosely bound group
who would sometimes hang around the fields during recess.

 So anyway, the older boys started calling me names, and I would feel
ashamed, and extremely hurt, because my brother would be standing
there, witnessing the entire scene, and doing absolutely nothing about
it. What hurt even more was that my brother was always the apple of my
parents' eyes, and they would never listen or understand if I said a
bad thing about him, even if it was the truth. Sure, my brother never
directly bullied me at school, but at home, sometimes, he would smirk
and say why I didn't have any friends at school, why I would go to
school to only study like a nerd, instead of having a life.

None of my friends at school knew about it of course as most of the
time I would get bullied by these older guys was when I was alone.
Like I said, my brother may not have been the one to initiate the
bullying, but he certainly didn't help me by leaving me utterly alone
and feeling dejected and less self-confident because he had so many
friends, did so well at school without studying, and was always the
nicer kid of the two of us. And here I have to admit, that the
bullying thing at school made me so vulnerable and at the same time
really mad at my parents, because no matter how many times I tried to
give them hints about what was really happening at school, why I
absolutely hated it, why I just didn't want to go (I could never
directly tell them. I was just too scared and ashamed, I guess) they
just never got the hint and were always utterly clueless. They were
worried that I was becoming the 'bad' student who doesn't study and
wastes time.

That's why I am writing this story. I have grown up a lot since school
days, and I don't see my brother now and don't really want to. If
people who terms me as 'quiet' â€˜anti-social' and too 'unfriendly' they
should know the real reason behind this. I was bullied and there was a
time when I indeed felt so helpless and hopeless and wondered
continuously why wasn't I pretty, more outgoing, less fat...and why
even after finishing school, I still have to share this story.
